DEVDOCS-3876 Update app guide with MSF app profile options (#1549)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/apps/guide/apps-04-devloper-portal.md

# Managing Apps in the Developer Portal

> Create, edit, and submit apps for approval using the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/). In [Beginning App Development](/api-docs/apps/guide/development) we briefly touched on how to create a draft app. In this article, we'll go over how to perform other common app management tasks. To get started, sign in or create an account in the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create, edit, and submit apps for approval using the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/). In [Beginning App Development](/api-docs/apps/guide/development), we briefly touched on how to create a draft app. In this article, we'll go over how to perform other common app management tasks. To get started, sign in or create an account in the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/).  

```

Author: great, accepted in forthcoming push.

<!-- theme: info -->
> #### Store email address constraint

> > Apps that aren't approved for distribution through the [Apps Marketplace](https://bigcommerce.com/apps) can only be installed on stores owned by the same email address as the developer portal account's email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can only install unapproved apps that are not for distribution through the [Apps Marketplace](https://bigcommerce.com/apps) on stores owned by the same email address as the developer portal account's email address.

```

Author: decline. this is a grey area. some apps are custom to the store and BC is fine with those being `private apps` or even `draft apps` if they're in live beta. thus, I don't want to refer to non-marketplace apps as `unapproved`, but I haven't yet introduced the draft/private app distinction.

## Create an app

> To create an app, sign in to or create an account with the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com). Creating an app also creates an app API account. To learn more about app API accounts, see the [Guide to API Accounts](/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#app-api-accounts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an app, sign in or create an account with the [Developer Portal](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com). Creating an app also creates an app API account. To learn more about app API accounts, see the [Guide to API Accounts](/api-docs/getting-started/authentication/rest-api-authentication#app-api-accounts).

```

Author: good, scans better. added in forthcoming push.

1. Click the **Create an app** button on the right side of the landing page.

![Create an App](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/apps-04-developer-portal-01.png "Create an App")

2. Give your app a name. This name is only visible to you.
3. Click **Create**.
4. At the top of the dialog that opens next, click the **Technical** tab. Scroll down to assign your app the desired OAuth scopes. 

![Technical](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/app-api-account/devtools-technical.png "Technical")

![Assign OAuth scopes](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/app-api-account/devtool-oauth-scopes.png "Assign OAuth scopes")

5. Click the **Update & Close** button on the dialog's lower right.

<!-- theme: info -->
> #### Information optional

> > When you create or edit an app in the Dev Portal, no app information fields are mandatory unless you're preparing the app for BigCommerce [Apps Marketplace](https://bigcommerce.com/apps) approval. To learn more about completing an app profile for approval, see our [App Publishing Guide](/api-docs/apps/guide/publishing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> No app information fields are mandatory when you create or edit an app in the Dev Portal unless you're preparing the app for BigCommerce [Apps Marketplace](https://bigcommerce.com/apps) approval. To learn more about completing an app profile for approval, see our [App Publishing Guide](/api-docs/apps/guide/publishing).

```

Author: I reworked this in a forthcoming push. I started with your suggestion, but it ended up a little different.

![Developer Portal](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/apps-04-developer-portal-01.png "Developer Portal")

## Edit an app

To edit an app, navigate to the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps) and click the **Edit App** pencil icon to the right of the app you want to edit.

![Developer Portal](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/apps-04-developer-portal-01.png "Developer Portal")

<!-- theme: info -->
> #### Marketplace delay
> Edits can take up to 24 hours to appear in the [App Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/), but changes are immediately effective and visible in your existing users' store control panels.

## Edit technical details

> In the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps), click the **Edit App** pencil icon to the right of the app you want to edit. At the top of the dialog that opens, click the **Technical** tab to edit enabled features, callback URLs, and OAuth scopes. To save your change, click the **Update & Close** button on the dialog's lower right. After saving, edits are effective immediately for all app users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps), click the **Edit App** pencil icon to the right of the app you want to edit. At the top of the dialog that opens, click the **Technical** tab to edit enabled features, callback URLs, and OAuth scopes. Click the **Update & Close** button on the dialog's lower right to save your change. After saving, edits are effective immediately for all app users.

```

Author: decline. I want to express the consequence before the action.

![OAuth Scopes](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/app-api-account/devtool-oauth-scopes.png "OAuth Scopes")

## Enable multi-storefront functionality

If your app supports stores that sell through multiple storefronts or sales channels, add that information to the app's profile.

In the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps), click the **Edit App** pencil icon to the right of the app you want to edit. At the top of the dialog that opens, click the **App Supported Features** tab. Select either **Single Storefront** or **Multi Storefront**, then save your change by clicking the **Update & Close** button on the dialog's lower right.

To learn more about modifying your app to support multi-storefront, see [Multi-Storefront App Compatibility and Optimization](/api-docs/apps/multi-storefront)

![MSF Toggle](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/app-api-account/devtools-msf.png "Toggle MSF on the App Supported Features tab")

## Submit an app for approval

> Submit apps for [Apps Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps) approval by navigating to the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps), then finding the app you want approved and clicking the **Submit** checkmark icon to the right of its listing. If you've left any required fields incomplete, the Dev Portal will prompt you to complete the app's profile. [Learn more about completing app registration fields and submitting apps for approval](/api-docs/apps/guide/publishing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit apps for [Apps Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps) approval by navigating to the Dev Portal's [My Apps dashboard](https://devtools.bigcommerce.com/my/apps), then finding the app you want to be approved and clicking the **Submit** checkmark icon to the right of its listing. The Dev Portal will prompt you to complete the app's profile if you've left any required fields incomplete. [Learn more about completing app registration fields and submitting apps for approval](/api-docs/apps/guide/publishing).

```

Author: worked with this and ultimately declined.
